feat!: added computed members support (#16)
mineiros-io/terraform-google-cloud-function-iam: README.md

  - `projectOwner:projectid`: Owners of the given project. For example, `projectOwner:my-example-project`
  - `projectEditor:projectid`: Editors of the given project. For example, `projectEditor:my-example-project`
  - `projectViewer:projectid`: Viewers of the given project. For example, `projectViewer:my-example-project`
  - `computed:{identifier}`: An existing key from var.computed_members_map.

  Default is `[]`.

- [**`computed_members_map`**](#var-computed_members_map): *(Optional `map(string)`)*<a name="var-computed_members_map"></a>

>   A map of identifiers to identities to be replaced in 'var.members' or in members of `policy_bindings` to handle terraform computed values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A map of identifiers to identities to be replaced in `var.members` or in members of `policy_bindings` to handle terraform computed values.
```
